t-rex/README.md, before:



### Mining made faster than ever

T-Rex is a simple to use and highly optimized cryptocurrency mining software. It utilizes the full potential of modern NVIDIA graphics cards using unique optimization techniques.

We have also devoted great attention to stable power consumption. These benefits, along with only 1% devfee, make our product one of the best publicly available miners.

Let your devices earn with T-Rex!

### Why T-Rex

Still in doubt? Read about main advantages of our product

#### Fast and Stable

You will get the best speed on mining pool. Your crypto earnings will get higher with T-Rex and this is really stable. Our users are getting many months of uptime without issues.

#### Small developer fee

T-Rex has one of the lowest prices for usage. For the majority of supported algorithms we only take 1% of your mining time as a reward. This is less than 15 minutes per day.

#### T-Rex supports all popular algorithms

You don't need other miner in case the coin you mine goes down in price. Just switch to another profitable algorithm. At this moment we support: Ethash, Kawpow, Octopus, Autolykos2, MTP, Firopow, Progpow.

#### Control and Monitoring page

It is possible to control your miner via your browser and you don't need to look at your console anymore. You can make the miner's web page accessible in your local network.
Control and Monitoring page

#### Advanced API

You can easily integrate T-Rex into your programs or web services. All communication between the miner and your software occurs via HTTP 'GET' and 'POST' requests using JSON structures.

#### Continuous improvement and support

We don't stop working on the miner even during holidays. We want you to get the best experience with T-Rex. Your best ideas will be implemented shortly. Feel free to contact us for help and suggestions.

## Maintainer's Note

I produce and maintain Chocolatey packages in my spare time, for free. If you use my packages, and appreciate the time and effort I put into making and maintaining them, please consider [making a small donation](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/jtcmedia). Thank-you!

Commit message:

add antivirus and mining warning

t-rex/README.md, after:



### Mining made faster than ever

T-Rex is a simple to use and highly optimized cryptocurrency mining software. It utilizes the full potential of modern NVIDIA graphics cards using unique optimization techniques.

We have also devoted great attention to stable power consumption. These benefits, along with only 1% devfee, make our product one of the best publicly available miners.

Let your devices earn with T-Rex!

### Why T-Rex

Still in doubt? Read about main advantages of our product

#### Fast and Stable

You will get the best speed on mining pool. Your crypto earnings will get higher with T-Rex and this is really stable. Our users are getting many months of uptime without issues.

#### Small developer fee

T-Rex has one of the lowest prices for usage. For the majority of supported algorithms we only take 1% of your mining time as a reward. This is less than 15 minutes per day.

#### T-Rex supports all popular algorithms

You don't need other miner in case the coin you mine goes down in price. Just switch to another profitable algorithm. At this moment we support: Ethash, Kawpow, Octopus, Autolykos2, MTP, Firopow, Progpow.

#### Control and Monitoring page

It is possible to control your miner via your browser and you don't need to look at your console anymore. You can make the miner's web page accessible in your local network.
Control and Monitoring page

#### Advanced API

You can easily integrate T-Rex into your programs or web services. All communication between the miner and your software occurs via HTTP 'GET' and 'POST' requests using JSON structures.

#### Continuous improvement and support

We don't stop working on the miner even during holidays. We want you to get the best experience with T-Rex. Your best ideas will be implemented shortly. Feel free to contact us for help and suggestions.

## Antivirus Alerts and Cryptocurrency Mining Warning

In order to protect the miner from reverse engineering attacks, the binaries in this miner are obfuscated like how real viruses are. Therefore, it may trigger an antivirus alert. See [here](https://github.com/trexminer/T-Rex#antivirus-alerts). **Do not mine on a computer where you store your sensitive data.**

## Maintainer's Note

I produce and maintain Chocolatey packages in my spare time, for free. If you use my packages, and appreciate the time and effort I put into making and maintaining them, please consider [making a small donation](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/jtcmedia). Thank-you!
